make table with responsibilities (#5679)
monarch-initiative/mondo: docs/editors-guide/project-management.md

## Recurring meetings
- **Curation call**: Thursdays, 9am PT
- **Technical call**: Fridays, 10am PT
- **Quarterly Medical Expert calls**: Next meeting is Thursday, Dec 01, 2022, 12-1pm PT. Future calls will be scheduled.

## Mondo tasks

Task | Description | Who
-- | -- | --
Manage meetings | Mondo meetings should be added to the Monarch shared google calendar. Members of the curation and technical teams are outlined [here](https://mondo.monarchinitiative.org/pages/contributors/). | Project Manager
Mondo workshops | Any upcoming workshops should be organized and advertised. Ideally we should have community based Mondo workshops every 4-6 months.| Project Manager
Advertising workshops | Workshops should be advertised on our [website](https://mondo.monarchinitiative.org/pages/workshop/), on our Slack channel, on the mailing list | Project Manager
Set milestones and triage tickets |All [tickets](https://github.com/monarch-initiative/mondo/issues) should be: 1. Acknowledged, thank the contributor for the ticket, 2. Assigned to a curation or technical team member, 3. Assigned to a monthly milestone, 4. Given a label | Lead Curator

> Mondo Releases |Mondo should be released on a monthly basis on/around the first of the month. Please refer to the [pre-release checklist](https://mondo.readthedocs.io/en/latest/editors-guide/pre-release-checklist/) for necessary tasks before the release. Instructions are [here](https://mondo.readthedocs.io/en/latest/developer-guide/release/). If there are any delays with the release (more than a couple days), please communicate these to the Mondo users on the mailing list and in Slack. Some of our users depend on the regular releases, such as EFO. | Curation team

Reviewer: I would never assign responsibilities to teams. The responsibility should lie in a person - who makes the release is secondary (i.e. as curation lead, you can assign someone).

> Mondo Releases |Mondo should be released on a monthly basis on/around the first of the month. Please refer to the [pre-release checklist](https://mondo.readthedocs.io/en/latest/editors-guide/pre-release-checklist/) for necessary tasks before the release. Instructions are [here](https://mondo.readthedocs.io/en/latest/developer-guide/release/). If there are any delays with the release (more than a couple days), please communicate these to the Mondo users on the mailing list and in Slack. Some of our users depend on the regular releases, such as EFO. | Curation team

Author: ```suggestion
Mondo Releases |Mondo should be released on a monthly basis on/around the first of the month. Please refer to the [pre-release checklist](https://mondo.readthedocs.io/en/latest/editors-guide/pre-release-checklist/) for necessary tasks before the release. Instructions are [here](https://mondo.readthedocs.io/en/latest/developer-guide/release/). If there are any delays with the release (more than a couple days), please communicate these to the Mondo users on the mailing list and in Slack. Some of our users depend on the regular releases, such as EFO. | Lead curator
```

Grant reporting | 1. Link Mondo tickets to [Phenomics First Operations Board](https://github.com/monarch-initiative/phenomics_first_resource/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22Aim+2+-+MONDO%22) 2. Ensure deliverables for P1 grant are being addressed, 3. Send all dissemination artifacts to the 'nuggets' address for Monarch/TISLab (to help RPPR prepping) | Project Manager
RPPR | Coordinate reporting for yearly RPPR | Project Manager

> Website updates |The [Mondo website](https://mondo.monarchinitiative.org/) should be regularly updated (instructions are [here](https://mondo.readthedocs.io/en/latest/editors-guide/mondo-website-editing/)). Regular updates that may be needed include: [Mondo users](https://mondo.monarchinitiative.org/pages/users/), [Mondo contributors](https://mondo.monarchinitiative.org/pages/contributors/), [Resources](https://mondo.monarchinitiative.org/pages/resources/)- including new papers, presentations, blog posts, etc., [Workhops](https://mondo.monarchinitiative.org/pages/workshop/), [FAQs](https://mondo.monarchinitiative.org/pages/faq/) should be updated as new questions arise | Curation team + Project Manager

Reviewer: Same here, I would only add who is _responsible_ for making the edits, not who makes the edits.

> Liaise with Mondo Users | Keep track of Mondo users (keep contact info up to date, what project they are working on, how they are using Mondo) | Curation team

Author: ```suggestion
Liaise with Mondo Users | Keep track of Mondo users (keep contact info up to date, what project they are working on, how they are using Mondo) | Lead curator
```

> Liaise with Mondo Users | Keep track of Mondo users (keep contact info up to date, what project they are working on, how they are using Mondo) | Curation team

Reviewer: see above.
